README.md, before:

# Hatch Android Homework Project

Hi Candidate,

We're excited to move to the next step of the process with you. This exercise helps us understand how you would build a simple Android application that will consume a piece of legacy code that we are providing to you in a base Android Studio project. At a high level, you will constantly discover and list a set of devices available to you by our library on the screen, ordering at the top the ones with the stronger signal strength. Additionally, tapping on any of the listed devices should start a detail screen where more library operations can be performed in order to display all device information on the screen. If you have time as nice to have, allow the user to rename the device from this screen. There are specific detailed instructions below. Please read everything thoroughly before you start. We ask that you don't spend more than 4 hours on this exercise, as we'd like to see what you can complete in the timeframe. If you have any questions or are unsure about something and need clarification, feel free to reach out - it’s OK to ask!

## Evaluation Requirements

- We want to have a working project that we can open and run in Android Studio to test and evaluate.
- We will be evaluating your code, so make sure you structure your project logically and use modern architectural design patterns. Explain interesting bits of code with comments.
- While this code is meant to be evaluated, we obviously do not expect production quality code, comments, etc. Focus on the important areas.
- While we are sharing the interface and some documentation with you the actual implementations are obfuscated intentionally, we want to see how well you adapt to dealing with legacy code as well as confirming your debugging skills will let you figure out what needs to be changed.
- We value your time. This should take around 3 hours, but please do not spend more than 4 - if it’s taking longer, just send us what you have.
- Code should be written using Kotlin (preferred) or Java and modern layout techniques (such as Jetpack Compose, ConstraintLayouts, RecyclerViews, etc).
- We love code and talking about all aspects of software development. We may discuss your project in a follow-up session.
- Be ready to explain how your code works, why you made various (technical) design decisions, and how various areas of the code or functionality can be improved or extended.

## Functional Requirements

- You should be able to list all devices by using `ConnectivityClient#discoverDevices()`, even if there are thousands.
- Keep the list of devices up to date by constantly rediscovering, make sure you call `ConnectivityClient#discoverDevices()` every 10 seconds or so. Your UI should refresh automatically every time the devices get updated.
- The list should display the Devices with the higher RSSI on the top of the list.
- The user should have some information or indication in the UI while particular data is loading or if it is not available. As well as any kind of indicator in failure cases.
- Your Device cell component should show the name, RSSI, and the readable date-time format from when it was last connected.
- Once you know the `Device#id` you can perform more `ConnectivityClient` operations such: `connectToDeviceBy`, `updateDeviceName`, `disconnectFromDevice`. Use these operations in your secondary screen to display all Device information. Device state properties will change over time (while in connected state) so make sure your detail screen stays up to date with those changes.
- As an optional requirement if you have time, in the detail screen show the device name in an input field that the user can use to rename it, use `ConnectivityClient#updateDeviceName`, the updated name should be reflected when the user goes back to the list screen.
### Please note that there is no expectation for you to spend time on:
- Tablet layout, just focus on phone layout.
- Localization/globalization.
- Figuring out the underlying `ConnectivityClient` implementation, just work with the code available to you and the provided documentation.
- We may discuss these topics in follow-up conversations, but do not spend time on them in this project.

## Additional Information:

- `device-client-lib` included in the base project in `.aar` format.
- JAR sources are included in the libs folder in case you want to load them in Android Studio directly. Here are the online versions of the interface and model if you have trouble getting access to the sources file: https://gist.github.com/JogahCR/a656357259787d8170e629f5b6e8617a

Commit message:

Update README.md with project notes

README.md, after:

# Hatch Android Homework Project

## My Solution
Hi Hatch,

This is the solution that I have to this assignment so far after having spent a couple of hours on it.  Some notes:

- This problem was pretty much crying out to be solved using a RecyclerView, and that's what I used.
- Right now it re-polls every 10 seconds and updates the view.  I would have liked to have added a latency spinner overlay for those times when the update is delayed, as well as error handling if it fails, but I didn't get that far.
- The RecyclerView uses notifyDataSetChanged() for the update, which I understand is a big hammer and rather expensive.  If I were doing this in production I would have used DiffUtils to make the update efficient.
- The touch handler uses a toast for displaying information about the selected Device because that was quick to implement.  If I had gotten the touch handler working properly I would have replaced this with a Dialog overlay.
- The touch handler for a given Device view responds when you touch it, but it also responds when you scroll the RecyclerView.  I then realized that I really should have used a RecyclerView.OnItemTouchListener instead.
- There's a bunch of hard-coded stuff (strings, dimensions) that I should haul out into resources.

I put in TODO comments in the code for the items that I feel should be updated or revisited.

Hi Candidate,

We're excited to move to the next step of the process with you. This exercise helps us understand how you would build a simple Android application that will consume a piece of legacy code that we are providing to you in a base Android Studio project. At a high level, you will constantly discover and list a set of devices available to you by our library on the screen, ordering at the top the ones with the stronger signal strength. Additionally, tapping on any of the listed devices should start a detail screen where more library operations can be performed in order to display all device information on the screen. If you have time as nice to have, allow the user to rename the device from this screen. There are specific detailed instructions below. Please read everything thoroughly before you start. We ask that you don't spend more than 4 hours on this exercise, as we'd like to see what you can complete in the timeframe. If you have any questions or are unsure about something and need clarification, feel free to reach out - it’s OK to ask!

## Evaluation Requirements

- We want to have a working project that we can open and run in Android Studio to test and evaluate.
- We will be evaluating your code, so make sure you structure your project logically and use modern architectural design patterns. Explain interesting bits of code with comments.
- While this code is meant to be evaluated, we obviously do not expect production quality code, comments, etc. Focus on the important areas.
- While we are sharing the interface and some documentation with you the actual implementations are obfuscated intentionally, we want to see how well you adapt to dealing with legacy code as well as confirming your debugging skills will let you figure out what needs to be changed.
- We value your time. This should take around 3 hours, but please do not spend more than 4 - if it’s taking longer, just send us what you have.
- Code should be written using Kotlin (preferred) or Java and modern layout techniques (such as Jetpack Compose, ConstraintLayouts, RecyclerViews, etc).
- We love code and talking about all aspects of software development. We may discuss your project in a follow-up session.
- Be ready to explain how your code works, why you made various (technical) design decisions, and how various areas of the code or functionality can be improved or extended.

## Functional Requirements

- You should be able to list all devices by using `ConnectivityClient#discoverDevices()`, even if there are thousands.
- Keep the list of devices up to date by constantly rediscovering, make sure you call `ConnectivityClient#discoverDevices()` every 10 seconds or so. Your UI should refresh automatically every time the devices get updated.
- The list should display the Devices with the higher RSSI on the top of the list.
- The user should have some information or indication in the UI while particular data is loading or if it is not available. As well as any kind of indicator in failure cases.
- Your Device cell component should show the name, RSSI, and the readable date-time format from when it was last connected.
- Once you know the `Device#id` you can perform more `ConnectivityClient` operations such: `connectToDeviceBy`, `updateDeviceName`, `disconnectFromDevice`. Use these operations in your secondary screen to display all Device information. Device state properties will change over time (while in connected state) so make sure your detail screen stays up to date with those changes.
- As an optional requirement if you have time, in the detail screen show the device name in an input field that the user can use to rename it, use `ConnectivityClient#updateDeviceName`, the updated name should be reflected when the user goes back to the list screen.
### Please note that there is no expectation for you to spend time on:
- Tablet layout, just focus on phone layout.
- Localization/globalization.
- Figuring out the underlying `ConnectivityClient` implementation, just work with the code available to you and the provided documentation.
- We may discuss these topics in follow-up conversations, but do not spend time on them in this project.

## Additional Information:

- `device-client-lib` included in the base project in `.aar` format.
- JAR sources are included in the libs folder in case you want to load them in Android Studio directly. Here are the online versions of the interface and model if you have trouble getting access to the sources file: https://gist.github.com/JogahCR/a656357259787d8170e629f5b6e8617a
